
In Hong Kong, in order to reduce the accident due to long work hour, the standard working hour has been being discussed controversially by the public since 2011. Some of employers query that it is unable to achieve the balance between work and life for employees. Opposite side believe that With shorten work hour they can improve work-life balance. Compare with Hong Kong, Sweden has already implemented a standard 6-hour work day. There is some evidence that 6-hour work day will help to balance the work and life.
6-hour work day provide the efficiency and accuracy of workforce to companies. Erika Hellstrom, 34-year-old art director works in the company which offer a standard six-hour day. After the implement of 6-hour work day, she expressed that can spare more time to train for maintaining the accurate work. Moreover, it is hard to concentrate to work at 8-hour work day. Less working time can allow her to more focus on her duty quickly and spend more time on her private life to decompress.
Life will be more health and happier as switching from 8 to 6-hour work day. Starting early 2015, Gothenburg, the city of Sweden has a long term trial at a local nursing home. There is 60 nurses turned eight working hour to 6-hour work day with same wages as before. It found that fewer employees had called in sick, overall happiness and the staff retention, and satisfaction among elderly patient are increased. 
The experiment tested in other place got the same result. Orthopedic surgery in Sahlgrenska University hospital also shifted nurses and doctors work hour from eight to six. The report had shown that the number of sick leaves decrease and more surgeries can be performed as increase the productivity.
Shorter working day gives the responsibility of family and the benefit to company. At Toyota service centre in Gothenburg, there is 6-hour working hour per day which has been being begun from the past decade. The scheme not only raises the profit to 25%, but also gives staff more time in their family. 
Opponents comment that 6-hour work day do not help to work-life balance. They believe that the full time worker will apply part-time job after 6-hour work. This may malfunction of work-life balance. In fact, implementing the plan of the same time, the salary as before is important. While they receive equal wages in less time, they would regard their children feeling. So that workers will retain the remain time to their family rather than working.
Moreover, some of scholar consider that shorten working hour would brings the fear in the labourer with physical illness because of the pressure in high concentration. Appropriate stress can convert to dynamic. However excess of it may bring various health problem. So the employer must to afford proper workload with the scheme of 6-hour work day to achieve the work-life balance.
In conclude, there are staff advise that shorter work hour changes her work-life in balance. Also the trial at nursing home and hospital bring that switch from 8 to 6 hour of work hour are help in their balance in work and life. Therefore, 6-working hour per day help to improve the work-life balance.
